---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/lore/dragon-of-icespire-peak/homebrew/session-recaps/session-2-recap/"}
---

# The story till now.

# Session 2

Our hero, Lucifer, rolling an incredible Nat 20, picks up both his companions and wraps them around him like a shawl, and then he books it out of the chamber, knowing he is low on health and can't fight. Just then, he sees a dark looming shape, a white dragon born at the entrance, little does he know this dragonborn is **Balasar norixious**, a fellow adventurous spirit, looking for the white dragon, his motives, unclear. He steps closer and after one hit, Lucifer is stricken with fear and is **frightened**. He naturally moves away from the source of his fear, as Balasar heals the fallen allies, they all then fight the jelly ochre and successfully kill it, reignleif taking the last blow. They then return to dazzlin and norbus. the dragonborn, having proven that he is of no harm to the group, joins them, but the group still does not trust him, as a deep seated hatred for dragonkin festers. The party takes their prize, **Two sending stones** from dazzlin and norbus, engage in some witty banter, and prepare to leave. Just then, misfortune strikes again as orcs attack, in an incredible teamwork moment, they defeat the orcs by strategizing, and a quote from the player of Reignleif sums the battle up well, after slashing the orc and getting hit he said “main peeche reh ke hi pangey lounga ab”. As they fought, they failed to notice a nameless human, going into the cave and taking out the last orc. After that, the nameless guy met the party and introduced himself, his name, and story were not told to many, but people did know about his deep seated hatred of dragonkin and this made him especially apprehensive of the dragonborn in the party, the party made camp, and a tense air remained as they thought how to deal with the further exploration. They slept on it and then in the morning, decided a name for themselves, calling themselves “The thunderbolts”. Thus they ventured deeper inside the cavern to discover a puzzle, a pillar with 3 holes they inserted their daggers into it and it opened spilling dwarven skulls into the room. Then they found a red chest, upon opening the chest they found **12 sapphire gems totalling to 10 GP each.** After this they ventured deeper and found an old man sitting on a desk as they approached him they found it to be a skeleton, upon its neck was a dagger, with the inscription “Greed is good”. They had a bad feeling about it but still proceeded, cautioning to put a rope around reignleif’s waist and went outside the room, as reignleif took the dagger in his hand, he heard a riddle “32 horses on a hill, first they stamp, then they stomp, then they stand still.” after thinking for a while he replied “Teeth”, as the ceiling gave way to a lock, in the shape of a dagger, he put the dagger in, and all around him a booby trap was activated. Shooting arrows into his waist and effectively making a belt of arrows, but due to his armor most did not hit him directly. He was yanked out by the party, unconscious, as they ran to the exit as the whole cavern began to crumble and collapse, an unconscious reignleif still bouncing and hitting his head on the concrete as nobody tried to pick him up or make his landing softer. After that debacle they went back to Phandalin where they got their hard earned rewards from the town master, **Harbin Wester**, which was **50 Gold Pieces**. They went to their cabins at the inn and hit the hay. Completing the mission and reaching level 2!. Where will the party go now?, and where shall this new world of mystic challenges and new alliances lead them?

That will have to wait till the next session of The Dragon Of Icespire peak!